I like your beard it looks good thank
you this is the you might still be in
the phase of it's really itchy and it's
kind of like bugs yeah is this a
voluntary length I pick trimmed back all
right I did this for a gig and and it
gets to a point where there is it's it's
just a pain in the ass for a while it
reaches this critical mass and it's okay
and what are the things that happens as
it's growing out you find yourself it
itches so much you could be it like a
fancy dinner party and without even
knowing it
your hand has found the salad fork and
starts going like this not realizing mr.
president you are sticking a fork into
Europe it just it just gets it yeah then
it goes ah mm-hmm now you're you're
either you know you're either ulysses s
grant or your brilliant craft beer and
this is a good time to have a nice white
beard though it's Christmastime will you
keep it through the holidays really I
think yeah no I'm going to cut it this
is for a gig I have one day of shooting
that I have to do oh and then by Fiat
and a family vote it's gonna come off
nice after that family doesn't like it
Rita does not care for the beard Rita
divides our marriage in two eras of
beard or no don't even mention castaway
true even even just like the Sully
mustache uh-huh he goes the Sully the
Sully mustache was a little weird but I
think the beard works very well I like
okay thank you I'm gonna take it down
when I when I grow a beard I will try to
do various looks and just get a picture
of it yeah like I want to do the guy
just out of prison you know I'll just do
it yeah I'll do that right then I'll do
the Elvis impersonator you know but I'm
gonna do I want to get a Burt Reynolds
you know bow mustache the one that comes
down there so I'll get a picture of that
so just be careful because the final
stage of that of course is a little
Hitler that's not
I will call that the Charlie Chaplin
idiot such a jaded I don't know if you
know this because I know you but where
were you shooting your this movie oh we
were in New Mexico new max about
stretches of New Mexico out in the the
fields so far away that there was no
cell phone service okay you had to go
climb a thing called lone Butte to get
to bars you really yeah oh I can't see
Oh climb lone Butte you go up there you
see some producer up there going like
this cuz really because it could get to
bottom much like rain we're gonna have
to shoot on Saturday but but we were out
in these there's a vast movie history to
New Mexico in that area Ames ranch and
Bonanza Creek ran all these places were
really famous movies have been and you
love that stuff right well okay so we
were shooting a scene and they send with
all the grips you know all the crew
knows and they will say you know this is
the ranch where Bruce Dern killed John
Wayne in the cowboys and just like that
it becomes like Holy Grail time that was
a big thing right because wasn't it like
bad for Bruce turns career yeah he's a
John Wayne I couldn't get a job for like
five years after I killed it was a real
problem he had I was working with Mare
Winningham I she and I made Turner and
hooch eight million oh yeah so there was
in this movie and I had to tell Mayer
they say you don't marry you you shot
here in Bonanza Creek said I did yeah
you made him move in with Kevin Costner
called Wyatt Earp that's shot right here
I did that's a mare what is wrong with
you well actually none of these
buildings were here when we shot that
but I said actually you spent about
seven weeks of your life right here
shooting this well the desert looks the
same does and you can change the angle
just by going like this you got a whole
new shot Rhino it's like okay here's one
thing and exactly the lone Butte is in
the background so lone Butte is where
you'll get the wireless signal and and
so
I actually we did we asked just lightly
I don't think you've seen this before
but this was on Jeopardy last week and
I'd like to get your reaction all right
it's 200 please in a beautiful day in
the neighborhood bill abut children's TV
show host Mister Rogers is played by
this beloved actor film opens Friday
that's Tom Hanks you are kidding me
they didn't they didn't even have any
wrong secure so they've got faint of
woody harrelson what's the name of the
category washed-up career choices bad
casting for $1000 I look at it as you
inhabited that character so beautifully
that even they were a blinded by the red
sweater did you do anything weird in the
red sweater
I tell you you put on that red sweater
in those blue shoes you might as well be
putting on Batman's cape and cowl right
Yahoo feel powerful do you yeah you do
because we shot this actually in
Pittsburgh at WQED the channel the
television station where they actually
made it yeah and to walk into that
studio in a red sweater and blue people
actually would be look you know the crew
guys would be looking at it you had so
many they just came over to look at me
like this really oh my god that's weird
it's a sweater just like bread war it's
like kind of like there's a number of
roles they go to a Marshall store
they're really they're gonna praise stay
out of Old Navy folks if you're in
Pittsburgh it's kind of like if you're
in Memphis and you're making a movie
about Elvis it's it hits Berg if you are
making a movie about Andy Warhol because
he's a favorite son right Roberto
Clemente yes a Franco Harris for sure if
you you have carte blanche in the city
what about Terry Bradshaw would he
qualified I think you know he'll get
credit at the end of the day they're not
gonna say hey do what's a solid with
Terry
[Laughter]
- you do well I wasn't I was in the I
was coming down from the gym in the
hotel and I was in I was all sweaty
uh-huh and a guy a guy got on the
elevator with me and they said oh oh mr.
mr. Hanks I said yeah yeah hi how you
doing
he said uh you're shooting the mr.
Rogers film here oh you know yes yes I
am yeah I am how is this how is the
shooting going mr. Hanks is it pretty
good you know I hope it cuts together I
don't know
mm hope it comes out well I'm having a
good time oh good good well well I I
wish you good luck on the rest of your
shooting mr. Hanks well thank you very
much and as as the door he got out
before me and it's the door was closing
he turned and looked him in he said we
take mr. Rogers very seriously here I
[Laughter]
believe the city of I think you
delivered Tom Hanks a beautiful day in
the neighborhood we'll have that when we
come back do you think living here makes
it easier or more difficult to be a
celebrity celebrity Marcie you don't
consider yourself famous Fame is a
four-letter word like tape or zoom or
face what ultimately matters is what we
do with it and what are you doing with
it we are trying to give children
positive ways to deal with their
feelings that is Tom Hanks
positive review of their food well you
did a great job in this movie and
everybody will say that but also the
writer did a great job of making this
the story is so well known yelling Myka
did oh yeah they worked on it for a very
long time and you know they they started
off just having Fred Rogers in a movie
mm-hm without really necessarily talking
to the Fred Rogers nation you know a lot
of people who had worked in knew him
yeah and they eventually worked with him
hand in hand and looked at their
archives and turned it turned him
instead of uh you know one of the
Keystone's of the movies opposed to just
the character the story revolves around
mr. Rogers his relationship with a
writer there is choir they from that and
who begrudgingly wrote profile of mr.
rod right now Tom Junod was at the time
he was a persona non grata because of
his celebrity profile style yeah he
pissed off a lot of he'd killed he'd
killed people and he's uh interview he
would he would approach it from kind of
like hmm what's the scoop here uh-huh
and then write it from like you're not
gonna quite believe what this guy's or
this woman is pulling off but Fred knew
that and said no I want this guy to come
in and write this and he wound up really
change his life and that's the prop from
the movie yeah let me tell you about
they talked about the taking of this
photograph for about fourteen weeks
before we got around painted they were
all tied about we might we're gonna
bring in a special that we're gonna
bring this one Gandhi does it really
great and here's what it is and what
we're gonna do what's gonna lie to here
I said look guys I have to put on a
sweater and look at the camera I think
that's all I really need to know so
whenever you're ready just say come on
over at apron and even then we still
have like three passes I was surprised
by how much nudity there is in the film
that I did not anticipate
well there is he he did he did swim
every morning
we're talking the Joanne is his wife and
I said did he really swim every day Oh
every day Tom every day said I don't I
don't think I could get to a pool and
swim every day oh well he only did it
for 20 minutes 20 minutes I could swim
20 minutes a day did you take it that
seriously where you were swimming before
I did a lot of swimming in order to get
because he was he did swim he was a
really good swimmer what else did you do
that mr. Rogers did I will tell you the
entry the entering the at the beginning
of the show it's a beautiful then it'll
come through the front door and do all
that 27 takes it took 27 things to get
to this that exactly right well it
turned out that first of all this tricks
his shoes were bigger than his feet were
so they came off oh you're ruining I'm
sorry but the sneakers you know half the
sneakers were miss seekers were already
half tied so we only had to put him on
and do the rabbit ear and around I was I
was tying the whole damn shoe you know
the ones across and then the rabbit and
that added like easily like 3.2 seconds
to it and more off than that I couldn't
quite finish you have to time the
end-effector toss of the shoe always
late did mrs. Rogers tell you any
private information about Fred he this
is what she said oh wow Oh Fred made me
mad more than I ever made him I'd come
home and I'd say you know that deck done
mechanic just doesn't know how to fix
the Pontiac at all he I need to know he
kept me waiting he didn't know what he
was doing it Fred would say well you
know he might have been having a bad day
[Laughter]
yeah he he drank we were doing a one
early morning scene where I was talking
on the phone to Susan who plays Matt's
wife and I said what did he have for
breakfast oh man she was actually there
when we were shooting there in the house
and she said did he have coffee - oh no
he never drank any coffee or tea he'd
have hot hot
hot pomegranate juice really yeah
pomegranate so I went to mari Heller the
boss our director and I said boss any
way we can incorporate hot pomegranate
juice into the scene and she said it can
be sitting on the counter and that was
it so I don't know if it's in the scene
or not Wow but if you see a scene in the
BI kitchen look for the cup of hot Palma
did they even have pomegranate juice in
the Sun maybe was cranberry juice oh one
of the two is old you know what hot mr.
Rogers famously never had a urinary
tract infection well then there you go
and that's probably one out also the
fact that the raciest he got was a glass
of hot cranberry juice might be one of
the reasons he talked so slowly huh baby
says there is there wasn't any legal
addictive stimulants in his diet which
is why there are so many pauses in your
average episode of mr. Rogers yeah you
got to slow down to play mister oh you
do know I watched like 800 episodes you
know I watch a lot of hours and I was
like a hundred and eighty hours into it
don't realize it oh this is not for us
it's not for grownups if you have any if
you know that there are dopes and jerks
in this world then Mister Rogers is not
meant for you it's been for two and a
half or three year old kids who honestly
are wondering how batteries work and and
where pencils how many episodes
[Laughter]
he's a little slow but he's a terrific
after a beautiful day in the
neighborhood easy computers now we'll be
right back
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it